---
description: >-
  This article aims to give an overview of the different terms used within
  Uniscale
---

# (NEW) Uniscale Glossary

The aim is to offer concise definitions for these terms, aiding customers in navigating Uniscale with clarity regarding each term's meaning



## In alphabetical order

### Acceptance criteria&#x20;

predefined conditions or standards that must be met for a UX flow to be considered complete and satisfactory. They outline the specific requirements, functionality, and behavior that stakeholders expect from the deliverable, ensuring that it meets the desired quality and meets the needs of the end user.

### Admin&#x20;

A user with elevated privileges who manages platform settings, user accounts, permissions, and projects.

### Aggregate

A grouped collections of data elements or objects based on certain criteria are often used in databases and data analysis.&#x20;

### Bounded context&#x20;

### Data

### Data property&#x20;

A data characteristics or attributes, such as type, format, and structure.

### DDD Domain

**(TBA)** The problem area or subject matter that the solution built in Uniscale addresses. It encompasses the core concepts and rules of a particular business or problem space. DDD focuses on understanding and modeling the domain to create software that accurately reflects real-world concepts and behaviors.

### Dependency&#x20;

A list of external factors or elements that an item relies on for successful completion. In Uniscale, these are often termed "Intra-service dependencies," involving dependencies between features, covering data properties up to UI flows.

### Designer note

**(TBA)** Annotations provided by the UI designer and product lead for each User Interface (UI) element. They describe the intended functionality and any constraints envisioned for that part of the UI. These notes serve as guidelines for developers and ensure consistency in implementing the UI design.

### Documentation

**(TBA)** Set of written materials, guidelines, and instructions that provide information about various aspects of a project or solution. This includes technical documentation, which describes the architecture, design, and implementation details of the solution, as well as functional documentation, which outlines the features, requirements, and use cases of the project.

### Endpoints

A specific function, capability, or characteristic of a product or software application. In Uniscale, a feature defines a specific instance of a function within an API, instructing a service to perform actions based on past data or retrieved information.

### Functional use case&#x20;

**(TBA)** A description outlining the high-level functionality provided to the end user within a project or solution. It defines specific interactions or scenarios that users can perform to achieve desired outcomes, focusing on the functionality delivered to the user from a user's perspective

### Implementation

**(TBA)** Implementation in Uniscale refers to the process of translating design specifications and functional requirements into actual functionality within a project or solution. It involves generating libraries and SDKs based on the defined specifications.

### Module

**(CP from HC)** A functionally isolated part of the software that has distinct ownership over its functionality and revision lifecycle.&#x20;

### Namespaces&#x20;

A targeted subject area of a computer program, used in software engineering. In Uniscale, it is used to represent different areas within a service hierarchically, preventing a long, unmanageable list of features and data objects.

### Owner

(To be aligned with the Admin definition)&#x20;

### Pages

**(CP from HC)** A single screen or view that users interact with.

### Product&#x20;

**(TBA)**  A tangible or intangible item, service, or deliverable that is being developed, managed, or tracked within the platform. It could represent a software application, a feature set, a project deliverable, or any other entity that is the focus of work or collaboration within Uniscale.

### Property&#x20;

A named value associated with an object (e.g., 'Age' for the object Human).

### Property Group&#x20;

Grouping or categorizing related properties or attributes within a data structure or class. In Uniscale, property groups are data structures consisting only of properties from other aggregates and value objects, particularly when features require combined data.

### Revision&#x20;

The action of revising. Revisions are iterative copies of the previous version with changes, including additions, removals, edits, or expansions.

### SDK Languages&#x20;

**(TBA)** SDK languages refer to the programming languages supported for the development of software development kits (SDKs).

### SDK Library

Collections of pre-written code, functions, or modules used to simplify software development. In Uniscale, libraries are autogenerated in the offering.

### Section

**(CP from HC)** A subdivision within the document that focuses on a specific aspect of the use case

### Service&#x20;

A type of software component or function that performs specific tasks or operations.

### Service flow&#x20;

(**TBA)** A sequence of steps involved in creating, deploying, and managing a service within a project. It outlines tasks such as defining functionality, configuring properties, and testing the service.

### Solution&#x20;

A software-based answer to a specific problem or need often involves the design and implementation of software components or applications. In Uniscale, a solution represents a full technical system, owning data used across multiple services even though the service is the one storing it.

### Specification

A detailed document outlining specific requirements, features, behaviors, and constraints of a software project. In Uniscale, this is divided into a Functional Specification, defining how the end-user application should work, and a Technical Specification, specifying requirements for implemented functionality.

### Technical intentions&#x20;

**(TBA)** Specific goals, objectives, or requirements related to the technical aspects of a project or solution. These intentions typically encompass the desired functionality, performance characteristics, architectural design, and implementation details that the development team aims to achieve.

### UI flow&#x20;

Represent the specification of a single behavior in an end-user application, such as clicking a button or expanding/hiding elements.

### Use case&#x20;

A detailed description or scenario illustrating how a system, software application, or product is used by actors.&#x20;

### Use case flow&#x20;

**(TBA)** The steps users take to accomplish a task or achieve a goal within a project or solution. It details user inputs, system responses, and any conditions or branching logic involved in the process.

### User&#x20;

(To align with owner and admin definitions)

### UX flow&#x20;

**(TBA)** A roadmap showing the journey users take as they navigate through a software application. It lays out the sequence of steps and screens users encounter, providing insight into how they interact with the app.

### Value object&#x20;

A small object that represents a simple entity whose equality is not based on identity. In general, two value objects are considered equal when they have the same value, not necessarily being the same object (e.g., objects representing an amount of money or a date range).&#x20;

### Version&#x20;

A specific iteration or instance of a project, solution, or component that has undergone changes or updates. It represents a snapshot of the project's state at a particular point in time, including any modifications made to its features, functionality,

### Workspace&#x20;

A virtual environment where users collaborate on projects, manage tasks, and organize resources. It serves as a centralized hub for team members to coordinate their efforts, track progress, and share information related to specific solutions and services.

